January 5, drag yearr or pacu
see former Moscow Avenue
demolition of old buildings
on this site will buzz new build
new buildings
I shot a report but since then
made changes
but what is to watch
everything breaks until empty
evicted slowly understands it
construction equipment
I will be good there will be a new home new
city with new houses all old for scrap
nobody cares about this homework
rotten through and bad
niki build new nice houses
only here still there so deep here
mistaken
the patch is not put in place of the tower breaking
will be a new day
there will be a new home there will be a new life all
will be good
Of course, dust for noise is dirty our life
continues
new building is under construction
You Russians lived such houses built this
the first
in the place of the destroyed house it is already
several lawsuits are under construction
Well, further all the tears you aspects will
built by such
for him of this type
now we are abakumova loading side
the other side is ready landing photons
built such houses
modern new 7th floor not
eight-story with facing aglaia
powerful strong spacious
to persons who lived here before here
this lodge more living space and
now pay cash compensation
that they can if not take off
housing
day goes on tomorrow will be new
day 5 January 6
my name is Michael will not say thank you for
Attention